feat: implement wattles core (#1)
wolfenrain/wattles: README.md

---

> Wattles is a strongly typed Dart ORM that does not require generating code to function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wattles is a strongly typed Dart ORM that does require code generation.
```
